And another function that I will do is do of ice Kaze the anchorman for ice Kazee management.
I click our network of course we chose them Gernon Knittle covert Aldo's step into part of your course.
So next we chose the same materials which then Davian Cornejo we'll call it for example II.
Scott Z for example one like that of course we don't not have the villain in our love so I can't charge
bill but of course if you have Oswiecim that have an idea you can use it.
So then where we don't chose any of the service because we want to you just want to extend up splosh
ice Gazi then we give it an IP address and the same as we did in the example 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 and this
for example.
Give me a true 10 like about two hundred and ten that's mean this is the IP address of the.
Number one that have to be addressed in the industry.
NET and of course we can use the same DNS right.
Then next as you see the ties finish and we will have on your eyes cause the part and the same way of
a second one because we want to have two separate ice Kazee to avoid any problem for one of them.
So we clipped the second one work Heiss call Z.
Talk like that.
Then next the BTP address 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 and 2 to then for example we add one to the IP address so to
11 that's me.
Two hundred ten and two hundred eleven is for do I scuzzy
next.
And finish them.
Of course we need to connect them to one step but it's got its eyes cause you want is our physical adapter
we need it is it like that.
The security we don't change any tank and it came in and fell over.
We chose overate and we chose to do the last one is available.
We chose like that we chose and use it.
After 7 also use it like that.
Retools do number 6.
OK.
So no ice cores use only two physical adapter number 6.
Ice Karzi tool.
We do the same thing for the VM Annaik 7.
So tainment and over overlayed shows like Godard's down to the adapter is only the number 7.
OK.
And here we go.
So no we have this actually dictu.
We check that this is actually the actor that I see.
It will be good for an environment of course more physical adapter thats more and more redundancy.
So the number one is the VM.
Nick sake's we raise two hundred ten.
Its information about the host number one that have to be 10 then to cause the number to use the VM
Minick number 7 and we give it an IP address of two hundred eleven.
Then we chose the management network for the host doesn't mean the VM Correll of the holes that we connect
to manage the host.
We did we give it to the Emenike 0 and 1 would then the VM network thats me for the virtual machine
at the virtual machine is the Minick for five.
And do the motion we raise one hundred ten.
We took the network adapter number two and three.
This is the actually texture that I can feel this has used.
And I will do the same for the US number two and number three the same crude to have a good redundancy
for Esch of our server.
So the next.